what's with the jeans I think your dad
where the total react like this to my
dad anything I'm like this is really
funny you would like it he would like it
no he would be like that's funny but
there would be no laughter like there's
no feelings you know your dad would
think it's really goofy to laugh this
well he'd be like this fucking guy
doesn't want to get laid obviously and
right this guy doesn't get laid
how much you think he gets laid your dad
so more than you ever would imagine him
more than you ever will you know what
I'm saying like probably ever well yes
yeah first of all you know you should I
asked him one time I was like how many
women do you think you've been with and
he goes not enough that was about five
it's the right answer for him yeah we
had a conversation not even that but
indirectly led to some numbers where I
was like seriously yeah yeah you got
numbers well I didn't get all-time
numbers I got numbers on one trip what
trip one of his trips can you please
tell me it was pretty high what is it it
was double digits for like a weekend in
Club Med noses Club Med in the 80s no he
did tell me about one trip okay tell me
I mean really yeah he said it was a
cruise he went on a cruise one time oh
he's only ever been on like one he hates
cruises yeah maybe that's why well he
said I was stupid but he fucked like ten
chicks seriously yeah well I don't even
know this about my dad no so crazy
yeah when did he tell you this we were
just talking about not even about chicks
and he was like yeah fuck like ten
checks gonna be nowhere where were you
where were we when this happened what
was I not in the room was this emotion
no no no no no no it was recently this
is recent yeah doesn't like him in our
house and you're like yeah you gotta be
shitting me no no with our baby
like let go look at the baby by the way
yeah I fucked like ten girls one time
yeah why are you bringing this do you
like that how did it come out I think he
was talking about trips like vacations
and I was like yeah I hate cruises he's
like yeah me too I went on this one it
suck that fuck laid 10 shakes that was a
load a was a low number of him yeah
unreal yeah man Savage that guy's DNA is
courtly that's half of me it's so weird
it's crazy that you don't have more
siblings that you know about oh I'm sure
I do you really think you do
sure just like some third-world Thailand
somewhere Philippines definitely
Colombia so my name is look look legit
yeah yeah